well howdy there internet people let's
bow again so today we're going to talk
about duty because it is a overriding
theme in the news the last few major
news items first we have that ruling
coming out of Florida from the federal
court saying that law enforcement has no
duty to protect you and we'll talk about
that in a minute and then we have
general mattis's resignation which I
believe stems from his sense of duty and
I know that sounds weird he quit because
of his sense of duty I never met the man
but I know a lot of people who work for
him and first let me say the memes are
true by all accounts he is Mad Dog
mattis he is general chaos chaos being
his callsign he will knife hand you to
death but something that I noticed was
that when people would talk about him a
little bit more in depth and get past
that bravado they would talk about his
honor his integrity and his sense of
duty and that is something that a
politician would say about an outgoing
Secretary of Defense
however these weren't politicians there
were other Marines and the Marine Corps
as an institution honor integrity in a
sense of duty that's the standard that
that's the norm so when you hear a
marine talk about another Marines sense
of honour and sense of duty you pay
attention because it's kind of like
hearing on Olympic sprinter say man that
guy's fast you know it carries a little
bit more weight and yeah I do understand
that there are Marines that have done
dishonorable things however as an
institution well they're always faithful
now I'm certain that there are genuine
geopolitical concerns that Madison Trump
disagreed on
I can't believe I'm gonna say this for
the first time I agree with President
Trump we should withdraw from Syria we
never should have been there to begin
with that revolution wasn't organic we
pumped millions of dollars into feeding
the propaganda that destabilized that
country and this is the fallout um but
from Madison's point of view I believe
that his sense of duty doesn't allow him
to continue because he feels we are
leaving our allies twisting in the wind
in a lot of ways he's right we are it's
kind of like we were in a bar and picked
a fight with a biker gang and all of our
buddies joined in and then we headed for
the door but probably never should have
picked a fight to begin with one of the
groups of people that is being seen as
being left twisting in the wind wears
these oh they're the Kurdish people
they're an ethnic minority in the Middle
East they're very unique because they
described themselves as Kurdish first
rather than Shia or Sunni they're Kurds
and they're spread out they have no
homeland of their own but they're spread
out over a number of countries most
important of which are Turkey Syria Iraq
and Iran all of the countries you hear
about in the news because of that and
hopefully the Kurds will finally realize
the u.s. will never allow them under
their banner to achieve independence
because the Kurds are already made
insurgent force they can be used to
destabilize any of these countries at
any point in time it is not in the best
interest of the United States to have an
independent Kurdistan they didn't allow
it after the first Gulf War they didn't
allow it after the Iraq war
they didn't allow it when the KRG
actually attempted it
they wouldn't have allowed it in this
area so the Kurds can look at it as that
they're being left twisting in the wind
yet again or they can look at it as an
opportunity to take the gloves off
because here's the thing the u.s. is
leaving the u.s. is leaving they can
tree intervene they can't go back in not
during this administration that would be
the admission of a mistake and we all
know that Trump doesn't make mistakes he
certainly wouldn't admit to it not one
on a global scale the US will not get
involved in that fight again so in a
weird way this may be the best shot for
Kurdish independence because while
they're gonna have to do it
independently and there won't be a US
adviser keeping them on a leash but
we'll have to see I would wager to guess
that many of the Kurdish fighters those
men and women who have put their lives
on the line for a decade Phil it's their
duty to continue that fight just as
mattis felt that he had a duty not to
leave a man behind
now let's talk about that court rolling
the court federal court has ruled and
it's really just an affirmation of
existing case law that law enforcement
has no duty to protect you even the most
even in the most extreme circumstances
they have no duty to protect a citizen
and those extreme circumstances were a
classroom full of kids getting gunned
down during a mass shooting and the
officer who failed to protect them
literally waiting outside and his entire
scope of duty was that school federal
court has ruled he had no duty
do protect them that is something that
Americans need to keep in mind law
enforcement is not there to protect you
we do not live under a protector meant
we live under a government government is
there to control you not protect you and
law enforcement is the enforcement arm
of that government do some cop save
lives yes
but they do it in spite of the law not
because of it there is no duty for them
to protect you that is something that
many people in this country have
forgotten and it's something that people
really need to keep in mind as they push
for legislation that empowers the
government at the at the loss of the
citizen and their ability to protect
themselves it's something you really
need to keep in mind and this wasn't a
surprise ruling this has been this has
been case law for a very very very long
time so under federal law that officer
that everybody was outraged about that
waited outside there on the Parkland
shooting did nothing wrong he had no
duty to intervene anyway it's just a
thought yeah I have a good night